hey I don't have a lot to say in
voiceover for this video so mostly just
gonna let the music play if you're one
of my friends past present or future who
has never been to Europe this shows you
of a little bit of what this part of
Europe looks like in order to see my
daughter I spent more than 24 hours in
transportation in each direction the
traveling from where I live in the west
coast of Canada to Germany was
horrendous and then the trip I had to
make from Germany to the Cote d'Azur of
the South of France is also pretty
horrendous 14 hours in transport heat
with it's just 14 hours on the train and
at the train station really tough and
the bottom line is thousands of dollars
spent on lawyers thousands of dollars
spent on transportation 17 days in
Europe not cheap spending money I don't
have and in the end I was only able to
spend two hours with my daughter but I
did it because it was the right thing
sometimes these into time for
Misun watching me while looking at the
time like can we please stop coming so
fast
get up ring you better watch out
coming with that Kuechly light drop
that 44 background sitting back down
like most of mantis-like
i'ma tell you like this man just
fabulous
shout out to my I layin
don't with the rusted
shot with a langu keep discipline
had a chocolate marry me I'm gonna be
buried underground city I know very
scary
I would say like this man based
freestyle me Louisa's maybe thousands
tracks the thousands the count to get to
me
what you do with all that city 150 I'm
at a light fitting one
on this base freestyle ship back to
getting really baseless
my Guinness race